[gunshot]
I should shoot you right now for
what you did to my car.
Arrgh, ugh...
-Coming through!
-His blood pressure is dropping.
Stay with us, Des.
Stay strong, alright?
You're going to be okay.
You'll have to get out of
the way. There isn't much time.
One, two, three...
[flatline tone] He's coding!
All clear.
You can't be in here.
Sir, you have to leave. Now.
Des.
Jake.
♪ [choral music] ♪
Single malt.
Only the best.
Nice day for it.
You okay?
Yeah, yeah.
I'm, you know, I'm best kind.
[telephone rings]
At the grave. The actual grave.
You'll answer the phone?
No, of course not.
Hello!
Hey. I'm, uh, just clearing out
Des's things from the hospital.
Poor thing.
[sighs]
Jake.
It wasn't your fault.
I know.
I just feel like I...
I could have been a better
friend to him, you know,
a better mentor.
It totally wasn't your fault.
Des, what have I told you about
sneaking up on me?
Oh, don't be at it. But listen,
I'm gonna be fine. I mean, sure,
the bullet hit my spine and I
might not walk right again,
but one leg always felt longer
than the other anyway.
Jake, you're at your mother's
gravesite. Get off the phone.
The graveyard mass is about
to start. Have some respect.
I'm talking to Rose, b'y.
Why don't you have some more
whiskey and chill out?
You chill!
Emily, I apologize for what our
son has become.
An arse.
What's this?
I'll call you back.
What is it?
Oh, that's a Celtic knot
and I'm pretty sure that
that one represents family.
Is that a gift for me? You guys
-- you guys are awesome.
I can't believe --
From a land far away I have
come, raising hell!
All the way from Ireland!
[Jake]
Uncle Gerald, what are you at?
Jake, my son, how are ya?
It's good to see you.
Ha, ha, ha...
Malachy...
you old fiend.
Come here.
Ahh, it's great to see you.
My brother.
[punch]
-Dad!
-I'm not your brother!
[Jake]
What the hell are you doing?
At my sister's gravesite.
What would Emily say?
Don't even mention her name!
You have no right to be here.
None!
Dad! Just -- just calm down.
Alright? Calm down.
Malachy. Wait.
Malachy! Wait! Stop!
It's my son, Rory.
He needs your help.
He's in serious trouble.
And I'm going to need your help
to save his life.
[theme music plays]
♪ Oh yeah (oh yeah) ♪
♪ Oh yeah -- oh yeah ♪
♪ Oh yeah, ee-yeah,
ee-yeah, yeah yeah ♪
ee-yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Oh yeah! ♪
[Rose] Well, he almost knocked
you back to Belfast, didn't he?
[Gerald] Aye.
I'd forgotten about his temper.
Well, lucky for us,
he doesn't show it that often.
You know, Mal and I are still
brothers even though Emily
has left this world.
God bless her soul.
She had an eternal bond with Mal
and that now lies with me.
I don't think it works that way.
Obviously, we're not married.
Dad, what's your problem
with Uncle Gerald?
It doesn't concern you.
It does concern me, okay?
Rory is my cousin.
And he needs our help. So spill.
Gerald was always involved
in some scam or another.
He's never on the up and up.
I don't trust him
as far as I can throw him.
So you punched Mom's brother
in the face
because you don't trust him.
You really expect me
to believe that?
[laughs]
All those years ago
when she was ill,
all she wanted
was to see him before she...
before she passed.
And he didn't even have
the decency to show up,
not even a phone call, nothing.
And she dies, wanting to see
her brother's face.
Dad, that was a long,
long time ago.
Maybe he's changed.
You don't know him.
He's a selfish shyster.
Always has been.
[laughs]
This is some woman you've got
here, Malachy. She's some woman.
And some boy here too, wha?
I mean, I have my moments.
I'm part of the family, not --
-[telephone rings]
-Oh, I should take this...
Hey Gerry.
What did ya get your son into?
Whoo. Mean looking guy.
Who is he?
Mad Nelson McNulty. Rory owes
him money from gambling.
And trust me on this,
you don't want to owe
Nelson McNulty anything.
And this Nelson,
you know him, I guess.
Yeah. We've fifty miles
of bad road together.
Of course you do.
Rory high tailed it out of
Dublin, jetted across the pond
here to St. John's.
Rory must be in pretty deep if
this Nelson guy followed him
all the way to Newfoundland.
Yeah, I'll go check
with the cops,
see if they've
heard anything or...
see if this Nelson guy has made
his presence known.
I tracked him to a hotel,
but he wasn't there when
they checked his room.
Dad, maybe you should retrace
Rory's steps.
You might find something.
What, now you want to instruct
me in how to be an investigator
all of a sudden?
Hey, Crooked! Knock it off!
I'll help you Gerald,
but know this,
I'm doing this for my nephew,
not for the man who taught him
everything he knows.
I gotta get home,
get out of this suit.
I think he's talking
about you, Uncle Gerald.
Hey.
[Rose] Listen, don't worry about
him. You're family.
He'll come around. He will.
Look, I told you I'd have
the money -- I already told you
that I... I gotta go...
That's my um...
Nothing.
I can use some help
on this case, you know,
if you're feeling up to it.
I got something I gotta do.
So I can't go with you, so
you'll have to deal with that.
Okay. No problem.
[three shots]
Let's go cadets. Next round.
Five minutes left.
Then bring your target sheets
up to my office.
This is really impressive,
cadet. Nice work.
Thank you.
As you were.
[shots]
Hoodie.
Jake Doyle.
And me without my ulcer pills.
What, you guys move offices,
thinking that
I wouldn't find you?
Yeah, they moved us upstairs,
lucky for us.
The moving's been
a pain in the ass.
Hey, speaking of being a huge
pain in the ass...
No. And go away.
Hood, please, I need you to help
me find my cousin.
Help you to track down yet
another Doyle?
No, b'y, not likely.
Good news. He's not a Doyle.
Alright, he's a cousin on my
mother's side, and he just came
over from Ireland.
And my mother passed away
a long time ago,
so you show some respect.
Your mother's from Ireland.
Since when?
She moved over here
when she was twelve years old.
Her family always
stayed in Ireland.
It doesn't really matter.
Are you gonna help me or not?
Leave or I'll arrest ya. Simple.
Ahh, okay. Well, hey,
where's Leslie?
Out of town. Personal stuff.
Ahh...
if your head was a globe,
just point to the part of
the world that you
think Leslie's to.
I thought it was a good idea.
So... you showed up.
I'm surprised.
Yeah, um... it feels weird to be
sneaking around like this.
I feel like Jake senses
something, but I'm not sure
I could handle that.
Biggest hazard
is keeping loved ones away
from secrets like this.
So, do we have a deal? Or not?
Are you sure you're even up for
this? 'Cause young man,
I am warning you,
this racket is not cheap.
One thing always leads to
another thing, and pretty soon
you're in over your head.
Look, I know what I'm doing.
So when did you start to get
into this business,
-I mean dealing.
-I'm not doing it,
officially,
but we all needs to make
a few extra bucks,
you know what I mean?
Speaking of... I'm assuming you
have the cash on you?
Most of it.
Most of it?
I'm not running a charity here.
So if you think those crutches
are going to get you a better
deal, think again.
Come back when you
got all the money,
or don't come back at all.
Have a nice day now!
Monica Hayward.
Who the hell is that?
Me.
Oh. Aren't I lucky.
I mean it coulda been
a lot wor... Hi, I'm Ja-
Jake Doyle.
I know exactly who you are.
Really?
I'm looking for
Sergeant Leslie Bennett.
Bennett isn't here.
I'm her replacement.
Whoa, replacement?
I think there must be a mistake.
Where is she right now?
Don't know.
You'll have to ask her.
Well I've tried that, but she's
not answering her phone.
Some might take that as a sign.
I've been doing
my research on you.
Seems you helped close
a number of cases here.
Yeah, that would be the odd one.
I also hear that
you've impeded so many
that you should be in jail.
And you have been
on a few occasions.
I have. Um, I like to pop back
in and see how people are doing.
Is that file on me? I could
trade you for this photograph.
Looking for this guy?
In fact, I am. He's my cousin.
He's a really nice, you know,
clean cut, law abiding --
He's downstairs...
in the drunk tank.
This "drunk tank."
I've never heard of this before.
Do you know where
I could find it?
According to your file,
you know exactly where that is.
You've slept in there
fourteen times.
I think that's a different
Jake Doyle that you have...
This was nice.
I'll see you around.
Nice to meet you Jake.
Rory have a party last night?
Something's wrong here.
The room wasn't like
this when I left.
Nelson's been here.
I can feel it.
Let's just stay calm until we
know what's going on.
I am calm. You know, this isn't
easy for me either.
Being here with you.
Having to ask for your help.
Trust me, it's much harder to
listen to it, and you never had
much trouble before asking me,
or your late sister for money.
And a lot of it.
Oh, here we go again.
You really don't understand
the concept of forgive
and forget now, do you?
We had to re-mortgage the house
for you, and then you
abandoned her, your own sister,
when she was calling for you
on her deathbed.
There were unforeseen
circumstances.
I couldn't tell you
what was going on.
I don't want to hear
any excuses from you.
Let's just focus on finding your
son and then I can get you
out of my life again for good.
Bank slip from an ATM -- Rory
got some money out last night.
I'll call Rose
and have her look into it.
No, no, no, no...
What?
The banking fees are outrageous.
This is daylight robbery.
You and your deadbeat son
know all about robbery now,
don't you?
Nelson.
Where's Rory?
What have you done with my son?
Jake! How are you, cousin?
Great to see you.
Thanks for springing me,
by the way.
It's good to see you too, Rory,
but your father is anxious
to see you, you know.
He's kinda freaking out.
Ah, never mind him.
You know what he's like.
He's emotional in his old age,
driving us all a bit mental.
Rory, what are you doing here?
And why are you in jail?
One second... There was a huge
misunderstanding.
I was thrown out of a nightclub
for taking my clothes off.
Apparently the patrons aren't
allow to take their clothes off,
but the strippers are.
You know they're funny
about that. Just --
What about the Dublin gangster
guy, why is he after you?
Nelson? Never mind him. You know
what Dubliners are like.
We're all hard men.
And anyway, it's ah...
A huge misunderstanding?
It's all a bit tangly,
to be honest, Jake.
-[ring]
-No doubt. No doubt.
Dad, yeah.
It's me.
I know it's you. I just said
Dad. Anyways. I have Rory, okay?
Well, that's good, but uh...
Speakerphone.
Uncle Malachy,
meet us outside 1 Water Street?
Outside the building that looks
like there's nothing there.
And there we'll be. We'll meet
you as we're coming out?
Yeah? Good?
That voice sounds familiar.
He hung up.
Let's get ourselves to that
address. Now. You drive.
Where you going?
C'mon cousin. You don't
want to be late, do ya?
For what?
So she blew up your car.
She just blew it up,
the blue GTO. Why?
Well it's... it's complicated.
So you still have a way with
the gals, then, I see.
I loved that car.
Rory, stop walking and tell me
what we're doing here.
I was thinking it's a massive
shame that Malachy and me dad
aren't talkin' any more.
What the hell does that have
to do with anything?
Family is everything, Jake. It
really is. Hold on one second.
Rory, you're in a dumpster.
Why are you in a dump --
Remember when we were kids?
When we came to visit you?
I tried to ride
that shopping cart,
that trolley
down the main street.
What's it called?
Is it Mascot Street?
Prescott Street.
Yeah, right. Prescott Street.
And you told me not to do it.
And did I listen to you? No.
How much fun did we have, Jake?
You're forgetting that I spent,
like, seven days in the Janeway.
Please tell me that
you're not about to --
Inside, Jake,
as you might not know,
is an illegal gambling casino,
and I am about to rob it.
No, you're not.
That's the spirit.
Rory.
[gunshot]
Ladies and Gentlemen,
if you'd be so kind as to
put your hands in the air.
Do not move.
If you move you will be killed.
If you do not move,
you will not be killed.
What do you think, Jake, eh?
[Jake]
Drop it! Lay it down!
Lay it down. I'm gonna kill you.
Thank you very much, Jake.
[Jake]
Stop saying my name.
Gerry, I have to say, the apple
doesn't fall far from
the proverbial tree, now,
does it? You and Rory.
He's the spit out of your mouth.
Hopefully not as stunned.
No need to be gettin' all
personal now. You don't see me
pointing out that your sons
are all riddled
with the herpes now, do you?
Heh, heh.
You watch yourself.
What do you plan to do with us?
Who is this anyway, Gerry?
My brother.
In law. Former. Brother-in-law.
Lads. If you'd be so kind to
empty your pockets and put
everything on that table.
Why don't we stop this
before it goes too far?
Ah, but the fun is only getting
started, isn't' it?
Now, let me see. I'm just gonna
get a little photograph of you.
Ah, c'mon Jake, I'm just trying
to have a little bit of fun.
That's quite the accent.
Oh really? I like yours too,
but can you empty your pockets
and put your belongings on the
table before I lose my patience.
Now!
Thank you.
He's bluffing you.
He has a crap hand.
-Say goodbye.
-Okay, bye!
I don't mean literally.
Just get out!
Let's go.
Rory lost at cards, yes?
But why travel to the end
of the world to collect?
He's right, for once.
It's a tad excessive.
Rory didn't lose at one of my
card games, Gerry.
He robbed my entire
pot at gunpoint.
Why am I not surprised?
Not to mention a little personal
matter your shit son
was involved with, with my --
Rory?
Oh hi dad! Go get the truck!
We gotta go now.
Rory's running away!
Rory you're an idiot.
Rory, I'll tear the back
of your arse when I find ya.
We'll do that later uncle
Gerald. Get in!
Go.
Ahh!
All right?
Yeah.
OK. Let's take a break.
Look who it is! Desbot.
Des?
What are ya at Tinny b'y?
I mean Katrina, b'y?
How are you feeling?
Can you walk right yet or wha?
I'm on the mend.
I heard your scored first
in your shooting range test.
How did you hear that?
Tinny, I'm a P.I.
I have my ways.
And by ways,
I mean Rose told me.
So did you manage to get that
info for me?
Yeah. Why are you so obsessed
with the guy that kidnapped us?
Katrina!
Let's go.
Hold on to this for me.
Don't tell anyone, okay?
I'll explain later.
Hey, sorry. Um...
I need to borrow some money.
Like two hundred dollars. Cash.
Why? For what?
It's just for medication.
For pain and stuff.
I'll pay you back.
Maybe. We can talk about
it at home later.
What were you thinking?
Why were you robbin' a casino?
Rory kinda sprang it at me
at the last minute.
I don't know where he gets it.
I just don't know
where he gets it!
Not a clue huh?
Well, here's a hint.
He gets it from his juvenile,
irresponsible dad, that's where.
The casino is owned by a very
bad local guy. One Marko Long.
He's gotta rap sheet
the size of Salmonear Line.
Racketeering and loan sharking.
Been in prison on the mainland
and here at Her Majesty's Pen.
So now Rory not only has one
thug after him but two.
What about that ATM bank
receipt. Did you track it?
Yeah, I did. To a place called
Great Big She. A strip club.
Also owned by Marko Long.
-A strip club.
-Yeah.
This is Rory's phone.
He told me that he got kicked
out of a strip club last night.
How much money did he pull
from the casino job?
-Looking for your cut?
-Malachy!
Ah, that's alright Rose.
Impatience runs in the family.
I've got a touch of it too.
We're not family!
I am just trying to ascertain if
what he stole from the Marko
fella is enough to pay back
what he stole
from Nelson McNulty.
Actually, he didn't steal any
money from the casino.
I mean there was a money clip
with a bit of cash.
But he did steal a key.
Well, why don't you go
check out the strip club.
That's all he needs.
For the record,
it was Rose's idea
and I think it was a good one.
Keep us posted will ye?
Don't worry uncle Ger.
We'll figure this out.
[telephone rings]
-It's Nelson.
-Are you going to answer it?
-I can't.
-Why not?
Roaming fees are insanely high.
It's Malachy.
Oh, this is the brother, is it?
Brother-in-law! Ex!
Meet me. Now.
I'll send you a location.
No. We'll meet you but it needs
to be somewhere public.
How does a pint sound?
Fine. You have my number.
Text the address.
Oh hey, I'm definitely
in the right place...
You're not supposed
to be back here.
I know. See I'm a union,
ah, stewart. And I'm here to ask
you a few questions.
Have you seen this guy today?
I know he was here last night.
He was thrown out.
You know,
real funny accent. Nice guy.
Yeah.
His accent's super charming.
He got thrown out because
my boyfriend got jealous.
Who's your boyfriend?
[Jake] You've got to be
kidding me. Okay, listen.
This guy, he's my cousin,
alright, and he's
in a bit of danger,
so have you seen
him today or not?
No.
[clang-bang]
There's someone
changing in there.
I just walked past three naked
girls and you're worried
about someone changing.
Jake! When did you get here?
Let's start over here, Nelson.
Forget about Gerald.
You're dealing with me now.
Is that right?
How much did Rory
steal from you?
Oh, this isn't only
about the money.
It's about the fact that
a weasel boy from a weasel
family robbed me.
Plus...
he slept with my wife.
I didn't know you were married,
Nelson. Congratulations.
Sorry about me boy and the wife
doing the dirty,
but he has
his father's hormones.
We can fix all of this.
This is about my reputation.
Your whore boy robbed 50,000
quid and made a fool of me.
Go on big man. Use it then.
I dare you. In here.
300,000. Two hours. Or I just
take my debt in Rory flesh.
Ooh, big man. Was that 300,000
in dollars or Euros?
This is Kara.
And Kara and I are together.
She used to go out with Marko.
I sorta still do.
This is his club.
And she gave me the tip as
to where to find that key.
Right. What is this key for?
It's for a locker with a very
valuable statue inside.
It's worth a fortune.
I've got a buyer all lined up,
so all we have to do
is get the statue.
Marko doesn't know the buyer,
Jake, so we're gonna sell it
and make loads of money
and run off together.
Wow. That's really sweet. I'm so
happy for you. She seems lovely.
Kara. Who are your friends
and why aren't you working?
I was just --
We -- I was here last night and
I got a bunch of dances from her
and I didn't have any cash on me
and she didn't have the Interac.
So I promised her
I'd come back and here I am.
A conscientious perve. It's good
to see that chivalry isn't dead.
Anyways.
See you around.
Yeah, we should probably
get going too.
Yeah.
Good idea, Jake.
Jake?
Hm. That's a nice name.
Yeah, I was named after my aunt.
I could have sworn that I met
you guys earlier on today.
Irish leprechaun accent, right?
Ha, ha, ha, excuse me?
No, no, no. He's from up
the shore. He's from Calvert.
That explains his oddness
and his funny accent.
-Oh, I see.
-[thud]
Now which one of
you two has my key?
Are you suggesting a key party?
Listen man, I'm not good at key
parties. I keep picking my own.
You think this is a joke,
wise guy?
Marko, no. No!
I've got your key.
Just leave him out of this.
He's got nothing to do with it.
And then, you and me?
We're going to
go get that statue.
It's all good.
He's going to use the key
to find just what he wants.
And then you're going to pay
for that little stunt you pulled
at the casino.
So you call the cops,
or you try to find him,
I'm going to kill him.
Now you remember that.
Rory's going to be okay, right?
Not when Marko finds
out that this missing.
Poor Rory. He sacrificed
himself to save me.
Or this. Either way,
Marko's gonna find out that Rory
tricked him and we ended up
with the statue.
Malachy!
We have to get him back.
Or somehow we have to come up
with $300,000 for Nelson.
Gotta give it to you Gerald.
When you mess up,
you mess up big time.
But...
don't worry.
We'll get Rory back.
What's the story
with the statue?
It was made
for a Russian princess.
An engagement gift from her
fiancé just before he was killed
in World War One.
I'm not just a stripper.
I'm doing my masters
in art history at MUN.
The stature belongs
to a private collector.
How'd you get your hands on it?
Marko has a guy on the inside.
An art restorer.
No one even knows it's gone.
Not yet.
What's it worth?
I have a buyer overseas.
Five hundred thousand bucks.
Whoa. Imagine what he'd be worth
if he had arms and legs.
We can give the statue to Nelson
in exchange for Rory's debts.
One problem.
You're forgetting about Marko.
The guy who actually has your
son held captive.
We can't get involved
in some art heist.
We'll all end up in jail.
If we don't use the statue,
we have no leverage
to save Rory's arse.
We need to bring the cops
in on this.
Ah, Malachy. There's something
that Gerald hasn't told us.
Huh?
Well, we can't call the police
because Gerald is currently
breaking parole in Ireland.
They'll lock him away again.
Eh, you know, don't mind me.
I mean,
this is all about Rory anyway.
And I honestly don't
mind going back to jail.
You didn't tell us you were
breaking parole?
What else are you
keeping from me?
What do you expect?
I can't tell you about my parole
situation because you've got
so much hatred inside of ya.
This is exactly the kind of
thing I expected from you.
There's never a straight story.
It's always jumbled
up in your lies.
Dad. Can I talk to you
downstairs please, for a second.
Alone. Now.
Who'd like a cup of tea?
With whiskey, and ice, and...
no tea.
I wouldn't say no.
Alright.
Ahh, what are you doing?
Do you honestly care about Rory
in the way I think you do?
Dad, c'mon. We can't rat Gerald
out to the cops.
I know. It's just one thing
after another with him.
Think about mom, alright?
If she was here,
if she were alive,
what would she
want you to do?
Break up with Rose, likely.
What do you think
she'd want me to do?
She'd want you to give Gerald
a chance. C'mon b'y.
Think about it.
Maybe he'll surprise us.
Guys, I've got some bad news.
Gerald's gone.
He just grabbed
the statue and left.
Surprise.
Nelson. I have something that --
that will make all of
this go away.
Something that will clear all
of Rory's debts.
Everybody's on the wrong
side of the road.
He stole my truck.
I tried calling Gerald's phone,
but there was no answer.
Probably too cheap to answer
because of the roaming.
Oh yes b'y, you're one to talk.
It took everything outa ya
to buy the new truck you got.
I liked my old one.
Uh, the chassis fell out of her.
Speaking of which -- Des,
any luck tracking
the truck's location?
Malachy, I know you hate your
new ride, but this new rig?
It has some advantages --
an I-Star Road Side assistance
feature which mean --
Which means we can track
the truck's location.
And I can tap into
the microphone inside the truck
used to communicate with
the I-Star operator.
-Good.
-Great. Okay.
[scrape]
Ah, sure that'll buff right out.
Do you have my money Gerald?
Or are things going to get ugly?
They drive on the wrong side
of the road here.
It's hard to get a handle on it.
Gerald!
My money.
I don't have your money.
But, I do have an idea.
An idea. Is that a joke?
Got it.
[Gerald] It's a special,
one time occasion
for you to win back all
the money that's owed to you.
Turn it up.
An idea doesn't equate money.
But Rory sleeping with my wife
and stealing from me does equate
a bullet to the head.
This is a very valuable statue.
Where is it?
-I don't have it on me.
-Oh, is that so?
Given the very volatile nature
of our relationship,
I thought it wise to, you know,
keep it hidden.
-Heh, heh. It's worth $300,000.
-A statue?
The statue. Worth a fortune.
And it's all yours.
But you're gonna help me
to get back my son, Rory.
-What's he doing?
-Des, do you have a location?
Ah, sorry, almost.
Why would I help you
and your ratbag son?
[Gerald] Because if you don't,
you don't get nuthin'.
Are you sure it's not stashed
under the seat
in the truck there?
Like you used to do with your
winnings in the old days?
Yeah, you really are thicker
than thick, Gerald.
I gotta say. If you had a clue
you'd die of loneliness.
[shot]
He's gonna kill him!
Perhaps you've misunderstood
the particulars of
our relationship --
how this works.
I don't like to be crossed,
Gerald.
My leg!
You shot me. Aye!
You know there was a time you
owed me money and for some
reason you chose not to pay me.
Do you recall that time Gerald?
My guys beat you so badly you
were in the hospital for weeks.
You almost died.
From what I remember you missed
your own sister's funeral due to
that unfortunate turn of events.
Am I right?
[Gerald] Eh, yes, my sister, my sister.
So what do you think I'm gonna
do with your son now?
First, I'm gonna take
your little statue.
And then I'm gonna make sure
your son never takes advantage
of another man's wife again.
Are we clear?
We don't need the cavalry.
Des! C'mon.
Okay. I got a location.
Ah, Logy Bay Road.
Alright. Dad, you call 911
and get over there.
[telephone rings]
It's Rory!
Hello.
Heh, heh. Jake. How are ya,
buddy? Um, I kinda need your
help at the minute.
It seems that Marko's
gonna cut my ears off
if I don't get him the statue.
Which is a tad bit extreme
seeing as I need them to hear
and to talk to people.
Was it Kara? Hm?
Did she lead you to the statue?
Listen man. I got no idea what
you're talking about.
But here's an idea. Why don't
you send Rory over and --
You bring me the statue. Or Rory
ends up an earless corpse.
Marko's gonna kill Rory.
Hey, I screwed up again,
didn't I?
I'm not fit to mind mice
at the crossroads.
A constant disappointment to
myself and to others.
I'm sorry, Mal.
I'm sorry.
I've always prided myself as a
person who didn't judge others.
To imagine another person's
circumstances before I take
a point of view
as to who they are.
But with you,
the truth is Gerald,
I never gave you
a fair shot.
And from this moment,
that's over.
I heard the whole conversation
with Nelson over the speaker
in my truck.
I didn't realize...
Well, whatever grief
you've given me,
I deserved
every inch of it.
Let's not go in circles.
Let's just... Just promise to be
good to each other
from here on in.
Like brothers.
In law.
Oh.
But yeah.
Do me a favor then, will ya?
Hmm...
Anything.
Cancel my
cell phone plan.
Nelson McNulty stole my phone
and he's rackin' up the charges.
I just know he is.
Nelson has your phone now?
Yeah.
I think I have a plan.
So, being a stripper -- sorry,
provocative dancer --
Is there a lot of growth in that
industry? I mean, I'm not going
to get into it myself, but one
never wants to limit oneself.
I'm just so worried about Rory.
I don't know what
I'll do if he's hurt.
Hey Jake, any news on Gerald?
What about my Rory?
Rory's gonna be fine. But he's
gonna need your help.
What can I do?
Well...
how's your poker face?
It's ringing.
What if he doesn't pick up?
Don't worry. He will.
Just do everything we talked
about, okay? You'll be fine.
Put it on speakerphone.
[telephone rings]
What do you want?
I want my statue.
Where's Gerald?
Gerald's not hear right now.
Who is this?
[bang]
I'm looking to purchase this
statue. Is this still possible?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm uh, actually
working on Gerald's behalf.
Well, if you think a new
negotiator is going to
change things, you're wrong.
We agreed to five hundred.
[coughs]
Thousand?
I'm not paying more, if that's
what you're suggesting.
Ah, yeah, well it's um...
Five hundred thousand is fine.
Good. Now where are we meeting?
Time's running out.
I want my statue.
[bang]
Newfoundland Hotel. Room 706.
Be there in an hour.
You did great. You did great.
Des. What the hell
is wrong with you?
I'm sorry. It's slippery.
Your turn.
Marko, buddy. I think I got
something that belongs to you.
[bang]
If he looks past this top layer
in twenties, this whole thing
is going to be blown.
Just make him prove to you that
the statue is authentic before
you show him the money.
You think you're going
to be able to handle this?
I'm a big girl.
Besides, I've danced in almost
all these rooms before.
I know my way around.
That's pretty hot.
I'm not going to lie to you.
Uh, shouldn't we be talking
about the plan, Jake?
Des will be in the room next
to yours in case anything goes
wrong and you need...
Security.
Although I should mention this
is my first day back on the job,
so if you could keep your
expectations, like, crazy
super low --
-Bye, bye. [slap]
-Ow!
So, uh, I'm in position.
We're all here.
[Rose in headphones] Hotel key
for room 706 on the counter.
You look very nice today, Rose.
Thank you.
Got him.
So, uh, you having a game of
pocket pool there? Or --
You know you're a real pain in
the ass -- where my statue?
Where's Rory?
You get Rory
when I get my statue.
It's funny.
I got the exact same rules.
You got two options.
Number one.
You can kill me right here in
this lobby in public.
That way you get nothing.
Or you meet me on the seventh
floor, with Rory.
[mouth-click]
It's up to you.
No more games.
You all right, Rory?
I'm fine Jake.
Would you get on with this?
This guy is starting
to drive me mad.
Okay, look. Room 706, alright?
You give me Rory,
you can have your statue.
How do I know it's not a trap?
It's not a trap.
It's the location where Kara is
right now getting ready to sell
that statue to a buyer.
She wouldn't do that.
Kara's selling it to a buyer?
Yeah. In fact she's alone
in there right now.
I'd say you got about, uh...
twenty minutes
before the buyer arrives.
She's selling me out?
She said she couldn't tell me
the name of the buyer because
it would scare him off.
Alright, alright.
I'll show her scared off.
Take me to the room.
-Whatever you say.
-Take me to the room!
I heard you.
So -- it's the real deal.
You can see.
Kara?
Hey that's my statue!
Who the hell are you?
-[gunshot]
-Ooof!
Aw!
-Oh no you don't.
-[ding]
[punch] [thud]
Ohh!
Oh I'm so sorry.
Ahh!
[punch]
Nice work.
Everyone, okay?
Yeah. I'm fine.
So thank you for asking.
[Rory]
Dad, you all right?
[Gerald]
Yeah, son, I'm fine.
What are you at?
Getting us all into this?
Ah! Dad, what are you at? Relax!
Ha ha! Nice.
Show some respect
for your family.
Ah, b'y.
-Pint?
So -- you collared an
international criminal
and a wanted local
on the same day.
Plus an extremely
valuable statue.
Ah, right. The old hat trick.
Good on ya.
Why'd you stop being a cop?
Ah, let's talk about you.
When did you start being so hot?
Was it elementary school or high
school when you first noticed?
Touchy topic, I see.
Well Jake,
perhaps we'll see you around.
But hopefully in a way
that doesn't involve
me arresting you.
I agree.
Dan Tanna does it again.
Big whoop.
Hood.
About Leslie.
I need to know man.
Just... whatever you can tell
me. Is she okay? Is she sick?
What?
She's okay.
But I can't tell you
anymore than that.
As far as you're concerned,
she's gone. Okay?
What's on the go?
This is it.
This is yours.
You wanna tell
me what this is all about?
I will.
I promise.
Just not yet.
I'm going to need that two
hundred bucks.
I'll pay you back, but my
money's tied up right now...
in some awesome investments,
but the dividends should more
than cover what I owe you.
So this is for the pain.
Des, should I be worried here?
No.
Ah, what an adventure for
a family to go on, hmm?
You can really defend yourself.
Thanks, Uncle Ger.
I have to say,
even though you did
almost kill our entire family,
it's great to see you again.
Thanks.
I see Rory's landed on his feet
pretty good there.
He says he loves this one.
I can't really blame him.
She is very, very talented.
You know, if your mother
were alive today...
she'd be very proud of you.
I'm proud of you too.
Thank you, Uncle Gerald.
You're a good man.
And you're my favorite uncle.
Ha ha! Now.
That'll get you a real drink.
[phone rings]
Jake Doyle.
[Jake] Hello...? Hello...? Hello...?
Who was that?
It was just a hang-up.
Um, you need to come with us.
Like, right now.
C'mon. I'll drive.
C'mon.
What is this? What are we doing
here at a cab company?
Jake! Whaddya at?
Please don't tell me that
Ned Bishop is my big surprise.
[Des]
No, no, no, no, no.
This -- is a gift
from me to you.
You're gonna love it,
Uncle Jake.
Cuz even though you kinda got me
shot, you're my best friend
in the entire world.
I kinda think of you as a
brother, and brothers do
nice things for each other.
So...
Like I told the weird boy...
Car restoration
is an expensive racket.
Now I'm not a licensed
car dealer,
so this is a secret- style deal.
Ah...
I don't know what to say.
It's perfect.